Jehovah's Witnesses are convinced that this system of things is deep into its last days.
And the governing body is intent on reaching as many people as possible with the knowledge
of God.
We want to continue to oversee and give impetus to the preaching work, because this has to
be done before the end comes.
Mark 1310.
In all the nations, the good news has to be preached first.
Jesus said that we can have more confidence in the fulfillment of the Bible and the sun coming
up.
And so that kind of faith we can do the work, it's involved.
We just pour ourselves into that.
It would be impossible for humans to do what Jehovah accomplished.
We have to get in full credit for the things that have transpired.
And we also realize that we've got to work to complete.
So keeping our brothers and sisters focused on what Jehovah wants us to do at this particular
time, seeing how close the end is, that is our main focus and giving full support to
the brotherhood as they continue to show their love for Jehovah, to preach that good news
and all the inhabit of the earth.